Hi.
My name's Alan on on the creator of this course,
Super in essentials.
Level one.
Develop a perfect memory.
So why should you learn from May?
In my early twenties,
I sat a series of 13 professional exams,
most of which I passed using what I already knew.
But they had a problem.
My contract law exam,
which I failed twice.
No matter how hard I stood it,
I seem to have a natural limitation to how much information I could stall.
Then I discovered that there were little known systems,
a select few people used to memorize vast amounts for information very quickly.
With perfect recall.
I read every book imprint I took.
What worked,
discarded what didn't until I,
too,
had mastered the art of memory.
So back to that lower example,
I studied for two nights and walked into the exam for the third time.
With 260 t cases,
I could fully site.
I passed.
That was almost 30 years ago.
Now I can memorize anything with perfect recall,
and now I can share with you everything I've learned.
So what's inside the course?
Well,
everything you'll need our teach you how to encode information so that it can be recalled
instantly.
Always,
and you can use this system to memorize absolutely anything.
In fact,
just for fun.
This even a bunch of things that we will use in the course as you land,
such as how to memorize foreign languages.
The U S state and European capitals,
ancient Greek and Roman mythology,
names and faces,
numbers and dates,
the planets in order.
Wedding anniversaries and birthdays,
the 10 Commandments,
the names of collective knowns and the names of phobias,
which should be enough to get you started.
So who is this course for anyone who wants to learn or study anything?
Anyone who wants a near photographic memory,
anyone taken exams and wants to pass some of these and anyone who wants to put the joy back
into learning.
So what are you gonna need to get started when you need three things?
A little time,
a willingness toe?
Have fun on a willingness to try something new.
Nothing else is needed,
as I will give you all the tools you need.
Take a look at the course description,
and I look forward to welcoming you to the course.
I'll see you in there